Update Pricing_Perpetual_Use_Licensing.md (#990)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: dataminer-overview/Pricing/Pricing_Perpetual_Use_Licensing.md

| Management of high-volume **service-delivery endpoints**.<br>From 25,000 up to several millions of endpoints. | Experience and Performance Management, Volume-based | 25K, 50K, 100K, 250K, 500K, 1000K service-delivery endpoints. |
| Local Management of **remote assets**.<br>From 5 to 50 objects per remote location. | DataMiner Probe, Server-based | 5, 10, 25, 50 Managed Objects |

> > [!WARNING]

Reviewer: Just to be sure: should this definitely be a warning? Warnings are usually only used for actions with dangerous consequences, that could for instance lead to damage to the system. If it should indeed be a warning, it might be better to expand the warning with more information about the relevant risks.

| DataMiner Object Models (DOM) | - | - | x |

*Included (x)*
> [!NOTE]
> Tier-1 is included by default with volume-based licenses, i.e. System Volume Equipment and Experience and Performance Management.

Please note that while some additional functions may be accessible without a license, full functionality may only be achieved when paired with a licensed function. For example, DataMiner Infrastructure Discovery Provisioning ([IDP](https://community.dataminer.services/dataminer-apps/dataminer-infrastructure-discovery-and-provisioning-app/)) requires Automation as a minimum, with Process Automation being highly recommended.

> > [!WARNING]

Reviewer: Same comment as above: should this definitely be a warning?

Author: this seems to be a warning, if people try to use IDP without having automation, it will not work

### Custom apps

> In addition to the standard core DataMiner licenses, which allow anybody to design, build, and deploy comprehensive multi-vendor end-to-end network management and orchestration solutions, you can also opt to license custom, purpose-built DataMiner applications from Skyline Communications, example [DataMiner PTP app] (https://skyline.be/precision-time-protocol).

Reviewer: For this link, I'd prefer to link to [https://docs.dataminer.services/user-guide/Standard_Apps/PTP/SolPTP.html](https://docs.dataminer.services/user-guide/Standard_Apps/PTP/SolPTP.html), as internal links within dataminer.docs are more future-proof. If you link to an outside page and that page is removed, we will not get a warning that the link no longer works.

```suggestion
In addition to the standard core DataMiner licenses, which allow anybody to design, build, and deploy comprehensive multi-vendor end-to-end network management and orchestration solutions, you can also opt to license custom, purpose-built DataMiner applications from Skyline Communications, such as the [DataMiner PTP app](xref:SolPTP).
```
